Wordsmith is a company based in Edinburgh. 
Derek is the webmaster.

Marketing Info:

Wordsmith

Industries

Join waiting list


Secure AI for enterprise legal operations
Protect your data and harness leading legal AI to make your legal team a delight to interact with across the business. Triage risks, process tasks and expand your capacity.

Join waiting list

Compliance Workflows

Privacy

Commercial

Backed by leading investors


Secure Legal AI

Delightfully simple to use
Meet your team in their workflows and provide instant results

Triage and routing

Triage critical jobs and find the right person
Analyse thousands of emails, messages and tasks to flag the ones that are critical and need your teams attention.  Mission critical for teams with high volumes of routine interactions with users and their data.

Inbox triage: Set your rules and have your messages ranked by criticality to ensure you get to the right ones first.

Litigation alerts: Scan inbound emails and their attachments to notify you when inbound communications require instant access.

Compliance workflows

Complete compliance workflows in seconds
Process privacy questionnaires or RFPs, draft DPIAs and respond almost instantly to SARs and privacy queries from users.

DPIA: Accelerate the processing of DPIAs from hours to minutes

SAR: Process subject access requests

Privacy questionnaires: Process repeatable questions rapidly with exceptional quality

Commercial

Accelerate your commerical teams
Give instant feedback on commercial terms, advanced contract search and trigger contracting workflows

Advanced contract search: Sync thousands of agreements and let anyone in the business get the insight they need

Contract negotiation assistant: Give commercial teams instant feedback on commercial terms

HIGH RISK

MEDIUM RISK

LOW RISK

Unprecedented performance

Engineered for legal
Wordsmith drives exceptional performance when you are tackling legal issues.  Enabling our enhanced search and query functionality gives your team unique capabilities

How do we benchmark

84%

Wordsmith

63%

Gemini 1.5 Pro

48%

GPT-4 Turbo

45%

Claude 3 Opus

*What percentage of the time these models gave correct answer on our evaluation dataset

Integrations

Wordsmith seamlessly connects with the tools central to your teams workflows

   

Enterprise grade security

Wordsmith is fully SOC2 certified, and our legal agents never train on your data.

Visit trust center


AI Consultancy

Making legal legendary
Speak to our team of AI consultants to help you unlock incredible productivity gains

Join the waiting list

Wordsmith

AI powered legal operations for enterprise
